---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting Minutes: December 3"
categories: minutes
---

#Announcements

- Professor Wilke is looking for a student interested in working with ORSEE. Contact Jeanna if interested. 

---

#Project Status

- Todd put together a ChromeOS Build last week. It's running. Contact him for more information.
- Todd is looking into having the malware crawler run in parallel 

---

#Other

- End-of-semester presentations were held 
