---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: October 28"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum

## Service Status Monitor
Mike H. wants to get a service to see the status of services in the labs at any moment.

## Mirror Fundraiser
We're halfway there and Rust will make an update email. We are thinking of making a plaque to put on the server room window for anyone who donated to the new Mirror.

## CUGI Brickette
COSI will be donating a spare desktop to CUGI.

## COSI Debian Build Update
We'll update COSI Debian build to testing so the build will become stablized.

## Hardware Cleanout
We will be cleaning any hardware that we aren't using any more.

## UPS Failure
We will be getting a new UPS to replace our last old UPS that had recently failed.

## Ziltoid
Rust will be working on putting Phoenix under Ziltoid's system this weekend.

---

# Lightning Talks

## PGP Encryption
Rust discussed the process of creating a PGP key.

## Overleaf
James showed an online collaberative Typesetting editor.

## Whittle
Benjamin showed off a LALR(1) Parser made in pure Ruby. [Repo](https://github.com/d11wtq/whittle)

## NaNoWriMo
Benjamin talked about [NaNoWriMo](http://nanowrimo.org/), an event that occurs
every November where people around the word write a novel in a month.

## Java
Mike H. gave about the quirks of Java.

## OpenCV
Mike. F gave a talk about [OpenCV](http://opencv.org/).

## iiag
iiag is a game. [Repo](https://github.com/iiag/iiag-legacy)

---

# Project Updates / Announcements

## Sol
Graham updated information about Sol. Meetings will occur every Monday at 7PM. [Github Org.](https://github.com/sol-lang/)

## 7 Hour Roguelike
Rust will be hosting a game jam to create a roguelike in 7 hours in the ITL this saturday at 11:00AM. 

---

# After Meeting Slot
Rust had a PGP Key Signing party in the ITL.
