---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: August 26"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum

## USB Webcam
- The labs decided to purchase a $20 webcam for the labs for Computer Vision experimentation.

## Better Toolset
- We also planned on getting a toolset for the labs due to a shortage of screwdrivers

## Fsuvius Kiosk
- We are planning on in the future to get a device to put over near the fridge as a Fsuvius kiosk.

## Mirror
- Rust discussed his ideas on building the new mirror.

---

# Lightning Talks

## COSI subreddit
- Rust made sure everyone was aware of <https://reddit.com/r/cosi>.

## Summer Happenings
- The people who worked on the labs during the summer discussed things that occured, such as cleaning the entire everything, and building many new servers such as Talos and Phoenix

## Meeting Minutes / Project Updates / Github
- Meeting minutes is now hosted Here using Jekyll and Github Pages
- Rust gave a short intro to Github

## z/OS Talk
- Kiki gave a talk about her work at her internship at IBM

## Daily Programmer Subreddit
- Baha talked about the https://reddit.com/r/DailyProgrammer subreddit and a possible idea of having weekly programming practice in the labs.

---

# Project Updates / Announcements

## 2015-2016 Projects
- [Tons of different projects](http://docs.cslabs.clarkson.edu/wiki/2015/2016_Project_Ideas) were described that the labs are planning on working on this year. Contact the project leader or ask around in the labs if you're interested in something!

## NANOG Announcement
- Prof. Liu is interested in sending students to the NANOG networking conference in October. Ask him if interested.

## 7 Hour Rogue-like
- Rust talked about having another competition this semester and getting new students interested. It will be in roughly two months (probably 2015-10-31, with a Halloween theme). 

---

# After Meeting Slot
- Jeanna shared her adventures at many conferences in Las Vegas a few weeks ago.
