---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: August 26"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum

## USB Webcam
- The labs decided to purchase a $20 webcam for the labs for Vision things in the labs.

## Better Toolset
- We also planned on getting a toolset foo the labs due to a shortage of screwdrivers

## Fsuvius Kiosk
- We are planning on in the future to get a device to put over near the fridge as a Fsuvius kiosk.

## Mirror
- Rust discussed his ideas on building the new mirror.

---

# Lightning Talks

## Summer Happenings
- The people who hung out over the summer in the labs discussed things that occured in the labs, such as cleaning the entire lab, and building many new servers such as Talos and Phoenix

## Meeting Minutes / Project Updates / Github
- Meeting minutes is now hosted Here using Jekyll and Github Pages
- Rust gave a short intro to Github

## Z/OS Talk
- Kiki gave a talk about her work at her internship at IBM

## Daily Programmer Subreddit
- Baha talked about the /r/DailyProgrammer subreddit and a possible idea of having weekly programming challenges in the labs.

---

# Project Updates / Announcements

## 2015-2016 Projects
- Tons of different projects were described that the labs are planning on working on this year (which can be seen on docs).

## NANOG Announcement
- Prof. Liu is interested in sending students to the NANOG networking conference in October. Ask him if interested.

## 7 Hour Rogue-like
- Rust talked about having another competition this semester and getting new students interested.

---

# After Meeting Slot
- Jeanna shared her adventures at many conferences in Las Vegas a few weeks ago.
