---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: January 13"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum

## Roomba
We are unsure who put this on talks... We decided to not get one after some arguments.

## UPS Replacement Schedule
Ben wants to replace each UPS after three years. The forum agrees and plans to start buying some in 2018.

## Mirror UPS
We want to get one for Mirror. We agreed that we should get one from APC.

## CPR
Director Fulton wanted to move the Husky bot to a location safer than the ITL. We were unsure where to put it though maybe put it behind the desk. We will hang a sign on the bot.

We also need hardware for the robots. Bobby is willing to donate a laptop. Baha found a good laptop. We plan on using Bobby's laptop on a trial basis.

## New Router
Our current router has issues... Bobby wants to get a new one. Alan wants to get [this](https://www.thinkpenguin.com/gnu-linux/free-software-wireless-n-broadband-router-gnu-linux-tpe-nwifirouter2). We plan on buying the router.

## Screwdriver Kit
Adam wants one. We've had a kit for years, but the lab does not own it. We plan to get one for the lab.

## DOOR
We talked last semester about replacing the server room door with an electric lock from clarkson. The quote is no more than $1000. Kyle feels the door is a wasted investment. Alan doesn't feel the door will work as intended during power outages. Jake claims the system can not go down. We will continue this next week.

## COSI Timelapse Pi
Bobby wants to do a timelapse for a full day. COSI seems to agree. Bobby needs a PI to do such. Graham is willing to let us use his Pi.

## Gaming Ban Extension
Adam proposes to Ban gaming during school hours (7:00AM - 7:00PM) on weekdays. Many at the Forum agree this will be a decent option.

---

# Lightning Talks

## [Codepen.io](http://codepen.io/)
Ben presented this site. It let's you quickly test and modify HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It has support for multiple preprocessors. 

## Breaking Into VMs
Graham showed cosi how to break into vms...

## Glorified Hex Editor
Gabe T. showed off an editor he made. [Link](https://www.github.com/tuckergs/modder)

## Verbal Expressions - A RegEx Thing
Director Ben showed off his RegEx-foo using Verbal Expressions! [Link](http://verbalexpressions.github.io)

## Virtual Hosts on Apache2
Michael H. presented using the Virtual Host feature on Apache2 server.

## Esolangs
Director Fulton presented a few esoteric programming languages. Languages include Chicken, Shakespeare Programming Language, Chef, Beeswax, and Programming Language. [Esolang Wiki](http://esolangs.org/wiki/Main_Page)

## Why Programming Sucks
[This...](http://stilldrinking.org/programming-sucks)

## B4B
[B4B](http://books4baha.org) is COSI's newest outreach/charity event and how you can be involved!

 ---

# Project Updates / Announcements

## Mirror Update
Ben is now taking lead for the project. Contact Bobby for mirror hosting. Ben will be making a new page for mirror [Link](http://cslabs.clarkson.edu/mirror2016). Talk to Ben for info on building mirror.

## Project Ideas on Docs
[Look Here](http://docs.cslabs.clarkson.edu/wiki/2015/2016_Project_Ideas)

## COSI Does Outreach
[Hour of Code](https://code.org/learn) was hosted by COSI for local schools.
Science Olympiad will be hosed by COSI on Jan. 30st.

## Key Signing Party
Graham will be running a key signing party at some point in time.

## General Service Announcement
Graham will be handing off services soon! 

## 146 Subnet
We have it. If you want something on it ask Graham.

## DubsDot
Ben and Graham will condense the web services into a single VM which will host all small web services. It is also a web dev team.

## CPR
We have robots. They are not yet ready for use. Next week will cover the robots.

## PHP Fsuvius / Fsuvius 2
Graham needs to finish the second one.

## [Robigalia](https://robigalia.org/)
It is getting popular over the past few weeks. See Graham for more information.

---

# After Meeting Slot

## None This Week
