---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: December 7th"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## GPU For Great Good
Hunter wants to do VR research in COSI next year and he would bring his Vive, but he
is suggesting us purchase a machine. This also could be used for things for computer vision,
VR, computer graphics, and powerful computation. We are tentatively going to possibly get it
in January (An AMD RX480).

## .HDDs For Infastructure
Jared and Bobby noted that the HDD in one of the VR machines died and suggest buying
a new one as well to also push the grease order through. We planned on getting 2 1TB
drives.

## Move Tor Exit to 128.153.146.???
Jared has notified we officially have the 128.153.146/24 block, and we have previously
wanted to move it to 146, so Jared brought the question. There was no one who questioned,
so Jared will get to it eventually.

## Backup Question~
We bringing the question of the idea of having a backup machine on every machine or through
Kerberos again. We'll be making a LDAP account named 'dumbo'.

# Lightning Talk

## COSI/ITL for Credit presentations
MP* Students gave their end of the semester presentations.

# Project Updates

## 128.153.146.0/24 Allocation
The 128.153.146.0/24 is finally available for us. It mainly will be used for machines which we
want to serve, but be isolated from Clarkson.

# Announcements

## End Of Semester Dinner
Michael will be organizing an end of the semester dinner on Sunday.

## Relaxation Server
Jared announced [gmx.cosi.clarkson.edu](http://gmx.cosi.clarkson.edu), a game server for relaxation.

## Hour of Code @ Potsdam Library
This saturday @ 2:00pm, Jeanna is going to help out with the Hour of Code. Talk to her if interested.

# After Meeting Slot
A picture of the majority of the regular cosinaughts was taken.
