---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: October 17th"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## Starkist
Jared - looking to gather data exiting from the lab. Put in place for security specifically to avoid sending sensitive info to someone that shouldn't get it

## TANKS service?
üÖ±Ô∏è-$ , J-$ - new idea for service, would like hardware (a VM for it). Approved

## tino.ninja is down
Josh - AAAAA! the world is ending! ;_;

## Geiger Counter
Bobbeh & Grm - looking to get a Geiger counte, will be back with a quote

## Publish Network Configuration Information
Grm - looking to make some of the network documentation more public. Discussion moved to after meeting

## Ressutitate scheduler
Anthony R - "can i bring back scheduler?" yes, unanimous

# Lightning Talk

## Kak Part 2: the "I actually know how it works this time TM" edition
Anthony Mangiacapra - moved to next week

## The best use of a CPU: [thaw-carrots](https://github.com/Swizec/thaw-carrots)
Anthony R - a service that will turn your computer into a hand warmer

## MP* Presentations
MP* People - woo, time for presentations!

# Project Updates

## We made TANKS
üÖ±Ô∏è-$ , J-$ - made an assembly based game about tanks (including a header file)

## COSI Chess Leaderboard
Josh - moved to next week

# Announcements

## CHECK OUT MY NEW IPv6
Grm, Jared from Subway, Bobbeh - got IPV6, we have quite a few moles of addresses

## Robotics!
Hunter - Fulton will be streamed in soon, just doing the last few details, will happen some time next week

# After Meeting Slot

## security talk "demo"