---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: March 7th"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## Jeanna Wants to Talk
Jeanna - talks about the rules/guiding principals, how rulings should be determined,  and the general atmosphere of the lab as of late

## Lock the server room and file cabinet
Hunter - stop leaving things that need to be locked unlocked

## Layout of the Lab
Macri - we are thinking of changing the layout of the lab, and want to bring it up for people to know it and discuss it

## Layout changing procedure  https://www.strawpoll.me/15222546/r
Macri - strawpoll link for the descision to change the lab

# Lightning Talk

## 6 Degrees of Wikipedia
Ben - a site to find the fastest route between 2 pages on wikipedia

## COSI For Credit midterm presentations
Various Artists - midterm presentations for MP* participants

## Gogs
Jared - a program simmilar to github, but local

## Code jame: https://codejam.withgoogle.com/
Anthony - a project put on by google, where you are brought on their site and work through challenges

# Project Updates

## new Language features
Josh - tokenizer soon

# Announcements

# After Meeting Slot

## Regular Expressions Workshop
Ben - see above
