---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: January 23rd"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## Pizza for 7hrl
jsh and Fortran - lab budget to buy pizza ~$50

## COSI politics (Will take a very long time. PLEASE attend after meeeting slot)
Ryan - wants to try to make some changes to how the lab is operating to make the place better

## Engaging students with the COSI website in a beneficial way to everyone.
Reece, Jared, Ryan - see above, it needs work and will be discussed during the after meeting

## 10G switch [if we are not in colo yet, shelve to next week]
Jared - shelved, getting there (eta February)

## Can people clean their stuff pls
Hunter - don't leave your things here, you are making the lab unusable. And if you bring anything from e-waste you shouldn't leave it here without permission from an authority figure (Jeanna, lab directors, forum consensus)

# Lightning Talk

## [troyhunt](https://www.troyhunt.com/the-773-million-record-collection-1-data-reach/)
jared - big data breach of information and passwords

## UwU Bot
Fortran - shows off his wonderful text spamming discord bot

## Outlet
Jsh - josh made a wonderful project on github where everything will be merged as long as there is no merge conflict, go nuts

## Rust SDL2 Crate
Hunter - graphics in rust is pain, SDL2 tries it's best to help; hunter shows off his tiles game rewritten in rust

# Project Updates

## Update on projects for MP* (every week)
Jeanna and MP* folks -

Ryan - worked on his website and messed around with engine x as well as the COSI lab build
Anthony - pushed change to scheduler 2 and worked on automation
Reece - planning on redoing some of the web services
Jared - see below
Graham - see below
hunter - see below

## Fuchsia
Hunter - did more Fuchsia, crashing a whole lot, may set up a more permanent home to give it IPV6 in the back of the lab

## Robotics
Hunter - mapped some of the science center with new turtle bot

## LLv11 update?
Jared and Graham - did more work on the electrical age Minecraft mod

# Announcements

## OpenCV Workshop 1/30
jsh - OpenCV will be January 30 at 5 pm

## 7.8 Too much salt
G. Bagel - The Haskell workshop needs people to put up their availability, check your email

# After Meeting Slot

## COSI politics (Thoughts, concerns, operations, ideas and more)
Ryan -

## Potential overflow for website work
Reece, Jared -
