---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: May 1st"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## Summer meeting
jsh - Andy will conduct weekly meetings on Wednesday at 7 and serve as pseudo lab director-ish thing for simple stuff to keep labs running smooth, with video conferencing to alumni and those away for the summer

## COSI Project
jsh - We should vote on the project on the first meeting so we can talk to the freshman about it. Also Jsh is going to schedule specific times he's going to work on it and encourages other to work on it with him for those times.

## Orders in for COLO
jsh -  COLO stuff ordered with Tyler.

# Lightning Talks

## ENTR
jsh -

# Project Updates

# Announcements

# After Meeting Slot

## 4 years in the life of COSI
Abby - first screening of the unedited cut. 
