---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: January 16th"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## VoIP phones
Grm, Jared - proposed purchase of 2 new VoIP phones

## Colo Progress
Jared - still talking and making sure everything is good, they're not ready quite yet, should only be a week or two until they are more ready. looking to move obsidian downtown soon and Prometheus in February

## Firewall Modifications, DNS Modifications
Jared - all devices have 60000-60015 open to TCP for all devices, port 13699 TCP are allowed as well now, DNS for every static device is now available

## ITL Cleaning
Cam - clean your files off the ITL if you want them, else they will be destroyed and lost forever

## Temple OS needs to be put on mirror
Fortran - looking for help getting TempleOS up on mirror, will be taken care of soon

## IoT gateway with webthing?
Anthony R - wants to borrow a raspberry pi to put a Mozilla thing on it, will be taken care of

## Refillable/Reusable Whiteboard Markers
Grm - looking to get refillable markers to make using the markers cheaper

# Lightning Talk

## tsdata
Grm - the new temperature sensor site for the server room now open for the public to see

## [WiPi](https://github.com/stew3254/WiPi)
Ryan - made a tool to make a raspberry pi into a wireless access point

## Rust x86_64 Crate!
Hunter - lets you do a lot of the normally unsafe things in x86 without the danger or risk of destroying everything

## neofetch
Hunter - you too can now a pretentious and snooty member of /g/ or r/linux with this program that gives you a nice ascii art info dump of your system

# Project Updates

## Everyone doing MP* give some regular status
Jeanna/MP * folks - during the meetings, let people know whats going on every week or so

## Valkyrie, SecGen, SecNet
Ryan - re-imaged a server to make Valkyrie to replace secgen and secnet in one

## VPN
Jared - it was messed up but should be back on a vm

## Server Room Monitoring System Software Ideas
Jared - wants to make something with nagois but make it pretty

## Accepted Pull Requests on Electrical Age
Jared - has added to an opensource mod for minecraft

## Fuchsia Wednesday!
Hunter - shameless plug for fuchsia, trying to get it working on the nuc and is still happening

# Announcements

## Layers of Haskell abstraction workshops
G. Bagel - looking to have more haskell workshops but now with the scary and painful stuff like functors and monads and such

## Help Teaching Scratch Feb. 6 - Free Pizza
Abby M. - looking for helpers to watch over and help answer questions, email to be sent

## 7hrl
jsh? - Josh and Andy will be hosted on February 3 at 12 with a theme of cyberpunk, if interested send a haiku to Andy

## 6502 Workshop
Cam - looking to actually get the workshop going, whentomeet possibly coming soon

## 7HRL
jsh. - "null terminator"

## 7HRL
And Andy.... - "seg fault"

## IoT tomfoolery
jsh - looking to see who is interesting in doing a presidents challenge entry

## Questions about Information Security
Ryan - Q and A about what he did for his job over the break, ask for more info

## Meeting minutes take over
Cooper - looking to hand off meeting minutes, if interested, let cooper know

# After Meeting Slot

## DONUTS
SURPRISE - nuff said