---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: June 12th"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## Discord
Fortran (but really all of COSI)- Nervous about making any big decissions over the summer, so we should defer changes into the fall. 2.) if we want to talk about an official discord we really should wait into the fall for more people to weigh in. Also by making it official makes it so clarkson as a whole can view it and be accountable for the things on their, that may be out of context or not align with clarkson university. *Both channels will change their names and logos and announce that they are unofficial to disassociate from COSI until a more former discussion in the fall.*  

# Lightning Talk

# Project Updates

# Announcements

# After Meeting Slot

## HAPPY BIRTHDAY GABE (and cake)
B$ - Gabe is 22 Today! and there's cake!
